how to read a 3gb file in python and do the frequency distribution of words?
how to handle concurrency in ticket booking django?
how to update the UI in django without refreshing?
how read excel file in pandas and remove duplicate rows for two columns?
create the twitter like architecture using python web app?
how to setup load balancer for flask application?
how to scale your django or flask application?
queues in django?
what is gatewayapi and apigateway?
how do you deploy your application in aws?
what is monolithic application?
what is monolithic vs soa?
benefits of service oriented architecture?
difference between generator and iterator?
how to improve performance of database?

how do u make ur web application handle billions of end user requests?
what is the use of docker in django?
what is the ideal response time of web application?
what is the accuracy of your models?
what is blackbox testing in machine learning?
how to take care of packages in jenkins deployment?
why do we use redis server to improve performance?
have you worked with graphql?
what is api gateway and gateway api?
how is pipelining achieved using dask,spark?
how distributed architectures work with django sqa, rabbitmq, celery?
what is sprint zero?
what is sprint review and sprint retrospective?
how to do async operations in python?
write a code for primary number in python?
how to make no authorizaton for certain enpoints in flask application? the user is authenticated and no authentication is required for certain end point?
sql query to pull the reporters of for an employee provided employee name?
sql quyer to pull the boss of an employee provided employee name?

what is a .pyc file?
.pyc is the compiled bytecode of the imported module, when .pyc file is present python 
	virtual machine executes it, if not program finds the .py file and compiles it to .pyc file.
Python checks to see if the .pyc file's internal timestamp is not older than the corresponding .py

At the simple level, a .pyc file is a binary file containing only three things:
A four-byte magic number,
A four-byte modification timestamp, and
A marshalled code object.

difference between list and tuples?
list is mutable,indexed, ordered collection of items
tuple is immutable, unindexed, ordered collection of items

 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13694034/is-a-python-list-guaranteed-to-have-its-elements-stay-in-the-order-they-are-inse

difference between set and list?
list is mutable,indexed, ordered collection of items
set is unordered, mutable, unindexed collection of items

what is a dictionary?
dictionary is a collection of key value pairs, dictionaries are ordered in the recent version of python

what is an iterator?
iterator is an object that contains countable number of values, 
iterator has to implement the iterator protocol iter and next

what is a generator?
generator is an object that lets us iterate via a function
generator uses yield keyword instead of a return 

difference between iterator and generator?
every generator is an iterator, but not every iterator is a generator.
generators saves the state of the local variables

what are python arrays?
https://docs.python.org/3/library/array.html
import array
sample_array = array.array(typecode, [1,2,3])
typecode refer in the above link
b,B,u, h, H, i, I,L,q,f,Q,d
d double 
i signed int 
I unsigned int
q signed long logn
L unsigned Long

what is async operations in python?
asyncio is used for parallelism, threading, concurrency
asycio uses await and asyc, await is used in the function 

what is difference between private, protected and public attributes and methods in python?
private __, strictly called within the class
protected _ called within and outside the class by its child classes
public called only by its instances



region -> market -> os -> instance (retrieving data)
new datastructure 
push into elastic 
ui rest 

{"region": 
	{
		

	}
	
	
how do you ensure either rollback or complete in swiggy kind of order in python?
what are the ways to load a data to the flask api?
how do you validate the data in a flask api?
how do one microservice communicate with other microservice?
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/4-ways-to-establish-communication-between-microservices-984207f29497 

Name : D.SEVVANDHI
E-mail : sevvandhi8102@gmail.com
Phone number : 8667841083
Address : 1/19, East street, Asoor (po) ,kunnam (tk), perambalur(dt),pin
number-621708.


Education

Sasurie college of engineering
2017-2021
BE(Electrical and Electronics Engineering)
7.CGPA

Vaanpugal valluvar higher secondary school, othiyam
2017
HSC
74/-

Vaanpugal valluvar higher secondary school, othiyam
2015
SSLC
85.6/

Personal Details: 
Date of Birth : 17-06-2000
Marital Status : Unmarried
Nationality : Indian
Gender : Female
Father's Name : Mr. Devendhiran
Mother's Name : Mrs.Chinnapillai

Hobbies : 
Drawing, cooking

Projects
Electric lineman safety by introducing security mode of power transmission
To avoid the accident for lineman while they are in working area.
To turn on the electricity line with the knowledge of electric lineman.


  
region -> market -> os -> instance (retrieving data)
new datastructure 
push into elastic 
ui rest 

{"region": 
	{
		

	}
	
	
how do you ensure either rollback or complete in swiggy kind of order in python?
what are the ways to load a data to the flask api?
how do you validate the data in a flask api?
how do one microservice communicate with other microservice?
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/4-ways-to-establish-communication-between-microservices-984207f29497 






